# DB Entities

## User

Parameter | Type | Description | Example
--------- | ---- | ----------- | -------
ID | String | Format : user::Google user Id  | user::12348756
type | String |  The type of the document  |  user
first_name | String |    |   
last_name | String |    |   
image | String |  Url for user avatar  |   
about | object |  Holds location which is the user country, email and bio short description of the user.  |   
stats | object |  Count of created projects and contributions of user.  |   
created_at | String |  Profile created date. |  ISO 8601 format.


## Activity

Parameter | Type | Description | Example
----------|------|-------------|--------
ID | String |Format : activity::userID | activity::1411414
type | String | The type of the document | activity
activity | object | Entry for user’s activity. contains activity_id, activity_type, project which is the project related to this activity and created_at. |
activity.project | object | Entry for the project related to this activity. Contains project_id,project_url,project_name |

## Category

Parameter | Type | Description | Example
----------|------|-------------|--------
ID | String | Format: category::UUID
url | String | URL for category
name | String | Category name
image | String | URL for category image
description  | String | Description of the category

## Project

Parameter | Type | Description | Example
----------|------|-------------|--------
ID | String | Format : project::UUID |  
url | String | URL for the project |  
name | String | Name of the project |  
image | String | URL for the project image |  
owner | object | Project creator. contains the user_id, url and name | `"owner" : { "id":11, "url":"http://api.sengab.com/v1/users/11" , "name":"Galileo Galileo" }`
created_at | String | Project created date | ISO 8601 format
enrollments _count | int | Count of enrolled users to this project. |  
contributions _count | int | Count of contributions to this project. |  
is_featured | boolean | True for sponsored projects |  
brief_description | String | Short project description. |  
detailed_descrption | String | Detailed project description. |  
category | String | Document id for the category this project belongs to. | category::15894238
results | String | Document id for the results of this project. Format: result::project_id | result::548621
stats | String | Document id for the stats of this project. Format: stats::project_id | stats::548621
template | object | The project’s template. Contains the template_id (String) and the template_body(object). | `{ "template_id":1,"template_body":{"question_title":"_are you happy today?" }`  }

## Stats

Parameter | Type | Description | Example
----------|----- | ----------- | --------
contributors_count  | int | Count of contributors to this project. |
contributions_count | int | Count of contributions to this project. |
contributors_gender | object | Count of the gender of contributors. Contains: male(int) and female(int).  | “contributors_gender”:{“male”:8,”female”:7}
contributors_location | object | Count of the countries of the contributors. Contains: country_name(int) | “contributors_location”:{“Egypt”:8,”USA”:7}

## Result

Parameter | Type | Description | Example
----------|----- | ----------- | --------
ID | String | Format: result::project_id
result | object | Contains anonymous contribution info that differs from one template to the other | `{“result”:{"image_url":"http://www.sengab.com/projects_uploads/56842.jpg", "caption":"My cat lily"}`

## Contributions

Parameter | Type | Description | Example
----------|----- | ----------- | --------
ID | String | Format: contributions::project_id::user_id |
url | String | URL of the contribution |
project | String | Document ID for the related project. | project::159845
contributer | String | Document ID for the contributor. | user::715628
created_at | String | Generated by the client
data | object | Content of contribution data will be different according to the project template. | "data":{ "first_name": "Emma", "last_name": "Watson" }
